[Applause]
I don't know how to get rid of them Maya
yeah I guess thanks guys yeah go with
that one they're not too bright really
you know well thank you very much I'm
Jimmy I'm your your host of a very
special night tonight we are coming to
you from a galaxy not too far away
Hollywood California where we await the
world premiere of Star Wars the rise of
Skywalker
it's a monkey it's happening just across
the street the after-party is in our
parking lot I came to work this morning
there was a Millennium Falcon in my spot
and I had to have a toad but the force
is with us tonight and the cast of the
movie is with us too and the writer
director of the movie is with us JJ
Abrams is here Luke Skywalker's mom paid
obi-wan half a million credits to get
him into Jedi school and it turns out
the force is gluten so JJ has you know
directed Star Wars rebooted Star Trek
Mission Impossible and he owns four
Yogurtland franchise I don't know but he
will be here in a couple minutes also
tonight a key member of the Rebel
Alliance standing guard keeping us safe
from harm our very own gyote Azir with
us
Yoda has words of wisdom for his for
young Skywalker his trainee share with
us some words of wisdom shared with the
audience here tonight go right ahead
just keep doing what you're doing and
you're doing a great job
you know is a baby Yoda now that's drunk
Yoda we we beefed up our whole security
detail tonight not only is is Joe doe
with us we have a team of droids vacuum
up an all-star team of droids as a
matter of fact r2d2 bb-8 and do are here
with us tonight
[Applause]
it is an honor to have you here it's
like a sharper image catalog came to
life are you guys doing okay you're
still under warranty oh you know I have
to say we were very excited about these
guys being around our office today my
roubo went nuts when he saw them rise up
Skywalker according to Disney will be
the last of the Skywalker saga course of
course it's the last the Skywalker saga
Donald Trump is president it's the last
thing the evil empire Palpatine is back
and the only way the resistance can
defeat him is by impeaching him in the
house and commitment Minnesota Star Wars
is many of you probably know the high
the second highest grossing film
franchise of all time after the Madea
movies which that's the more I saw the
first one when I was nine years old my
Uncle Frank took me and my cousin had to
see it he fell asleep immediately slept
through the whole thing and while goblin
said he loved it it's easier to forget
sometimes that these movies were not
creative for us they were a creator for
kids kids are who these movies were made
for them so we decided to give kids a
chance to ask a Star Wars question any
question of director JJ Abrams and
members of the cast and sure enough they
did
I'm wondering how the force works and
how and how it's so powerful I don't
know hey ray can you really do a
backflip where are you just a liar I'm a
liar
how old spin does he like being a stone
super or a bad guy
what's this very colour how old is he
does he wear glasses or not how old is
he real life does he like shopping this
he got the Gucci North's jumps or Macy's
or does he just go to normal
stores and buy food or does she go to
other places fin has a whole lifestyle
and his clothes are provided by the
resistance unfortunately so he doesn't
get to go down to Gucci bathroom or they
just pee in their pants
they're pants this this question is
twofold
are you gonna be like a big hit in this
movie or here for me like a tiny
character is gonna be like a character
like you always are or actually gonna do
something meaningful this time I
appreciate you saying that that's
exactly what I did
his mouth and that's why they've created
you to me how old is Chewbacca and from
how tall is he and from A to Z way and
this eat a lot of calories or does he
stay fit in a run or jog or do peloton
or ride a bike or do any other sport
that involves running or doing stuff
like that um where to begin Chewbacca is
7 feet 7 feet 6 inches tall Chewbacca
eats a lot of food he's always hungry
he doesn't own currently own a peloton
device he's thinking of getting one
what are the best foods to eat when you
don't have any front teeth
bananas very soft you can kind of mush
him in the back of your mouth
strawberries a little breathe because
you can just I got a little guy I'm not
gonna smoosh it through the guy you know
what if we were really if we really had
the force we probably know these answers
yes it's in small berries learned oh I
have a question for you everyone else
calls Chewbacca Chewbacca but you call
him Chewbacca
what does that mean and what's the
reference behind that nickname
I was just mispronouncing it's as simple
as you know for a long time I didn't
know whether the call and
[Laughter]
I don't think this is just about him
Phoebe a boy or girl oh my god um I
don't know if we ever found out if bb-8
was a boy or a girl definitely a boy
I've I've seen it I was surprised that's
it you know little compartments open up
and then surprises it so definitely I
don't really watch Star Wars anymore
because I'm kind of too old but I'll
watch it gee thanks
[Music]
thanks kids
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way buy my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you